Generate static web manifest (#218)
godaddy/gasket: packages/gasket-plugin-manifest/README.md

}
```

> If you want to generate a `manifest.json` file at build time for use with a static page/application, the plugin can be configured with the `staticOutput` option:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to generate a `manifest.json` file at build time for use with a static app, the plugin can be configured with the `staticOutput` option:
```

```js
// gasket.config.js
module.exports = {
  manifest: {
    // other options
    staticOutput: '/custom/path/manifest.json'
  }
}
```
You will also need to include a link to your `manifest.json` file on your static html pages:

```html
<link src="/manifest.json" rel="manifest">
```

> Users also have the option to pass in a boolean value of `true`, which will tell gasket to configure the output path to a default value of `/manifest.json`.

Reviewer: Correct the default path and make the description less verbose:
```suggestion
Users also have the option to pass in a boolean value of `true`, which defaults the path to `public/manifest.json`.
```
